Harley generation reckons the next well
if you play for free topless commentary
I mean when in this episode episode 8 by
the way a 5k clips with PDF owing and
sniping and other things you need to see
if you want to submit a clip tool then
click on the link in the description
make sure you follow the rules and let's
start with the top place the first clip
comes from regard and he's showing us
this m249 saw skills it's a really good
weapon and I like to play with this guy
okay that sounds wrong but he is
nestling the enemies away like Rambo
really nice killed some enemies and he's
going to attack Bravo killed another one
tried to jump above the fans and fade
like a Barbie but he's a taking Bravo
the main flag on Chucky it's a very
important flag and it's a great room
style from regard his team was losing
the game but he and his teammates taped
the game and finally he kept her Bravo
and died in pain very nice place an
offer comes from but ghost 493 he is
attacking one of the hardest and comes
on shaky Russian my opinion and he don't
really have a close combat weapon like a
shotgun or farmers he's playing with the
AUG I don't really know how to pronounce
it but that's a weapon you would you
wouldn't use to buy these close quarters
combat missions but he's carrying every
single person inside the tower I made
the mcom defending the income and he's
making sure that no one is coming and
disarming the thing so is it go so he's
going upstairs killing the next people
who are coming and want to disarm the
thing French skipper of doom that's
really awesome the enemies don't really
have a chance to get to the incomes but
I need to say that the enemies are
really stupid too so nice PDF owing
thanks for that and victory yeah but
let's start with a deeper shit blaze
number three comes from BW cast of death
and the first seconds i watch this clip
I only thought was what the freaking
hell is he doing
the first shot only headshot that
perfect start and I mean look at this Q
fee he's destroying half of the enemy's
team and but why is this place number
free there's no pitifully well he's
stopping the enemies to get to babble so
his team can capture data very easily
and that's some kind of PDF where we the
kids are awesome but for me there's not
enough pto going and he's using a 96
that's actually not a problem but with a
sv 98 it would look completely different
and better but as I said this is said
extremely awesome clip he overrun the
enemies and helped his team maybe to win
this game thank for submitting really
good here comes place number two this
clip comes from grunig he is playing as
engineer with an underused PDW are and
some special gadgets you will see in a
moment and he is defending the whole
Bravo flag enemies are coming from all
directions that's an interesting thing
on Wilma you can't really get cover
everywhere mommy oh my so you need to
hide inside bulletproof bar sure so i'll
need to kill the enemies instantly and
the pw is a great weapon on me ama but
if you look at a kinect gameplay you see
that he is covering the whole palast and
try to defend this thing checking all
positions because you never know what
what's behind you yeah this Troy's we
hope of aunty with all my I think he's
bit bored shooting at enemies and
getting out of and more shooting at
bashas he hate pushes you need to know
but here comes what I personally really
like on this clip he is using the xm25
the EVAs grenade launcher you didn't see
this every day that's nice thing thank
you for submitting
here comes number one number one come
from sergeant honest he's trying to
capture the Delta flag on a man with a
tank and that's not so easy you a living
target in a tank on a man you need to be
very good to capture the data flag with
this and there's a lot of traffic to
there's a hover and there's a helo
hovering above the tank so yeah he's
only thinking about one thing capturing
the data flag and he is doing it really
good he is hitting the here too and here
comes some other problems there a BTR so
he is driving the tank back road to get
a better position but he can't be inside
the tank anymore he will destroy the APC
with bare hands so he is running at the
bit he and throwing a mind we weren't
destroyed by ABC but here is the point
where the fun begins seize him shooting
a driver out of the car well that's not
bad well now he is going to death as to
get a better position to fire the RPG
but he is shooting another one out of
the car yeah that's very good and now
another helo is coming tracking Hannah's
butt here oh he is shooting him again
and he died that's a unbelievable good
clip it blows it blows my mind thank you
for submitting very good you liked this
episode then write any comments what you
like and what you didn't like more a PDF
Oh in this time awesome episode I am I
need to say and if you think that's easy
I could do it better than submit your
clip filmed and maybe you win some funds
and thanks for watching their Gophers
untold that beneath more freedom in
aperture
you